here friends from the ham works out
ventolin where Jesus was born I
addressed this Christmas message to all
the inhabitants of WLAN this planet
Israel Christian nation on and tell
girls Jews Muslims drusy and told those
who love the Holy Land to pray to the
Lord so that he brings about in this
land kingdom of truth and life kingdom
of holiness and grace kingdom of justice
club and peace this evaluation that over
a prayer for celebration of the
Christmas feast they bring the peace
desired by all peoples founded on
justice and truth thus our live in this
land a land and novel and sanctified by
the prophets might have a chance of
becoming a continuous and decreasing
Christmas will join my training our
hearts and our families chunk forth in
our streets they might our dear Mallory
be touched by our faith by our love for
each other our hospitality and our
fraternal coexistence united by our
faith in God in one in
you know for destiny we ask God grant us
peace so that this country's might
prosper and job opportunities by
countries we interact him as well for
intro human encounter among all citizens
of morning with three nominations for
exchange and fruitful dialogue among
religious and cultures ability will do a
great deal to help stop immigration as
families will be at peace and have
history prospect for the future of their
children as it is emigration uproots
people from their religious and national
roots here isn't real identity christmas
has come on so we are full of hope we
are thankful for hopeful signs around us
such as listen international encounters
at the highest levels among religious
leaders and among other peacemakers
these encounters have been based on a
genuine desire to contribute to a
harmonious soldier life soon
characterized by the dignity and
acceptance of the other not determined
by prejudices spiritually knows that
means for leveling 40 people as
emptiness and advising them
may the grace of Christmas and the
sincere prayer of the faithful accompany
the leaders who have unlocked his peace
initiatives may disgrace bless their Air
Force growing them with success this hub
follows on our part however does not
prevent us from being sudden on a daily
basis by the stability security they
could unclear vision for the future and
not least the aggression against
citizens and their land and property as
Bethlehem waves around history for the
one who would smash the yoke that burden
the people and the poll on their
shoulder and the root of their custom
master so early awaiting the
manifestation of the Savior's gasps
crease that we put an end to the
occupation and the unjustice delivering
us from those theories are chips
internal divisions that we sent this
letter we are looking forward to that
owning 15 you here we have a pulse rule
of reading no longer reads asperger
additional what were our steps third is
dead to the truth path of forgiveness
with love problem alesis those captured
by heating Anira were the son of peace
and justice crisis when grid at garage
do not rule us and when Amity's among
cosmic like a time when people find
agreement and his spirit of harmony and
friendless then the wolf shall be guests
of the lamp and learning part shall lie
down with the kid the calf and the young
lion shall bruise
with a little child to guide them here
on this occasion we shall not forget you
loser this inestimably great treasure
and trusted our keeping we are deeply
concerned about the Felicity we feel the
responsibility of defending its holiness
preserving its unique characteristics
tis they're very shy we're the followers
of the three monotheistic religions meet
Judaism Christianity and Islam they all
come together and their common belief in
one God and then sheer descent from
Avraham the common father of all the
people we do not forget what divides us
great mixed with injustice violence and
mass persecution of his fellow man all
these visit every city not measuring the
building of settlements which strangle
him in consequence the Jerusalem church
suffer from the undergoing immigration
of the Christians due to the lack of
peace and the decoration of the
political situation up all this makes us
anxious for the future with a Christian
community in the homeland to fight